- We translate the letter that [[Whiro]] was supposed to deliver to [[Rix]] it says
	- #+BEGIN_QUOTE
	  Til Rix,
	  
	  Jeg stoler på, at du og dine brødre vil udføre denne mission med den største omhu og diskretion. Jeres mål er at eliminere gruppen af eventyrere, som har gjort sig til fjender af imperiet. De skal ikke vide, hvad der rammer dem, før det er for sent.
	  
	  Skæbnen har forudset mørke tider for dem, og jeg vil sikre, at dette bliver en realitet. Deres tid er ved at løbe ud, og I, mine trofaste krigere, er nøglekomponenterne i denne plan.
	  
	  Husk, ingen må overleve. Rax og Rux er afhængige af din ledelse og evne til at udføre denne opgave. Svigt ikke.
	  
	  Kejseren
	  #+END_QUOTE
- We walk back towards the [[Jabberwocky cave]] to check on the engineers that [[Whiro]] learned that was supposed to show up to flood the cave
	- When [[Lark]] scouts ahead to see if they have arrived he sees around maybe 20 corpses ripped to shreds and burned up
	- [[Lark]] promptly returns to the party and suggests we go do something else **very** far away from here
- [[Jaylin]] consults his magic sticks and they seem to show that attacking the [[Jabberwocky]] would likely go well - [[Lark]] is convinced that [[Thrud]] must have crafted the sticks incorrectly because that sounds insane
	- [[Jaylin]] casts "Arcane Eye" and sends it down into the [[Jabberwocky cave]] to scout it out
		- He finds a lake down there where the [[Jabberwocky]] is laying at the bottom
		- It notices the eye and stats rushing out of the cave
		- OhShit.jpg
		- We start running but it immediately catches up to us and swoops down from the sky to attack us
		- It immediately spews a stream of fire which hits 3 of us and follows it up with a claw swipe that sends [[Jaylin]] to the ground where he lies unmoving
		- The Wocky Jabbers and causes [[Lark]] and [[Judtraine]] to behave erratically
		- [[Jaylin]] miraculously bounces back up to his feet and attempts to blind the creature with magic
		- [[Whiro]] charges the beast and smites it with holy retribution which angers the beast and it swings its tail at [[Jaylin]] who casually avoids the strike
		- [[Lark]] regains his senses and is urged by his sword to strike down the foe
			- He charges the [[Jabberwocky]] while cursing it before taking a huge swing at it for massive damage
			- Consumed by the moment he swings again, this time with better aim and cleanly decapitates the foe killing it where it stood
			- Pleased with the result his sword/patron absorbs the essence of the creature and grows stronger