- [[Lark]] & [[Judtraine]] keeps going south
	- They detach one of the wagons to reduce weight and torches the wagon left behind to avoid leaving evidence
	- They make camp for the night and let [[Monngoo]] out of the cage and have a chat with him
		- His family has been killed by a giant black man who looked like a cross of a boar and a bull somehow
-
- [[Jaylin]] goes with the wagon train back to [[Den knarkende ganger]] where he meets up with [[Thrud]]
	- They take a [[Zoomer]] southward
	- An hour later they arrive at a place called [[De Tre Træer]]
	- They walk into the forest and follow some loud sounds ([[Monngoo]] shouting)
-
- [[The Party]] joins back up and starts heading out to meet up with [[Imrik]]
	- This is pretty long journey, probably will take a week or so
	- [[Monngoo]] gets armed with a big ball and chain that he uses as a flail
	- We get to the meeting place and there's signs of a battle in the area around the hunting cabin we find
		- We find a "Glyph of warding" on the wall in the cabin
		- In the bed [[Judtraine]] finds a note from [[Imrik]] that says 
		  #+BEGIN_QUOTE
		  Tu ne peux pas précipiter l'affection, mon amour
		  Vous n'aurez qu'à attendre.
		  Je ne viendrai pas facilement, tu devras juste attendre.
		  
		  Je pense avoir été découvert, mais j'ai caché des informations sur l'empereur.
		  
		  Ils me trouveront et me tueront.
		  Les sphères me cherchent. Vous aurez besoin du cœur d'un Jabberwocky.
		  
		  Au fond de la forêt, caché sous une grotte au fond d'un lac, il attend et a faim. C'est la clé du chemin qui explique un tout.
		  #+END_QUOTE
		- #+BEGIN_QUOTE
		  Du kan ikke skynde påkærlighed, min elskede
		  Du bliver bare nødt til at vente.
		  Jeg kommer ikke let, du bliver bare nødt til at vente.
		  
		  
		  Jeg tror, ​​jeg er blevet opdaget, men jeg har skjult information om kejseren.
		  
		  De vil finde mig, og de vil dræbe mig.
		  Sfærerne leder efter mig. Du får brug for hjertet af en Jabberwocky.
		  
		  Dybt inde i skoven, gemt under en hule dybt under en sø, venter den og hungrer. Den er nøglen til vejen der forklarer et hele. 
		  #+END_QUOTE